{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14780\viewh11560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Problem:\
People are stuck in political bubbles where they are not exposed to other opinions and begin to interpret opinions as facts and facts as opinions. The internet is causing people to become entrenched in their views because they are not exposed to other viewpoints and lack an understanding of the opposing side. People focus on reading only a few topics, so they do not see or think about important issues facing our country and only care about issues they are exposed to. The internet has only become like this because it is easy for users to only go to the news sites that agree with them and only see articles that their friends post on Facebook. \
\
\
\
Our Goal:\
We simply want to push people to read articles outside their point of view and learn about issues from new perspectives. Our website will keep people engaged and promote sharing ideas and articles between people of differing opinions. \
\
Phase 1 \'97 Bursting Bubbles\
In phase one we will try to burst the political bubbles between liberals, moderates, and conservatives. Our website will tell people whether the articles they are reading are liberal, conservative, or news reporting. We will then provide users metrics to see how many of each type of article they read and how many of each type they have been reading by day and month.  Using the chrome extension people will be able to suggest articles they read to either conservatives, liberals or moderates. This allows people to think they are convincing others and gamifies the site.The home page will be a front page for political news. Based on whether the individual is a conservative, liberal, or moderate the website will show them articles recommended by conservatives, moderates and liberals, along with the current trending articles among each bubble. A fun feature will be the anything but trump feed that will be a mix of all viewpoints to push people away from trump only news and provide a more communal, less confrontational section. \
\
Phase 2 \'97 Broadening Horizons\
In phase two we will try to push our users to read articles about topics they do not normally read about. Some ML algorithm will be made to find the topics of articles and recommend articles for users to read. New pages will be created that cover the major topics of political news and their subtopics so people can browse among topics. Other parts of the site will be improved and expanded upon. \
\
\
Phase 3 \'97 Money\
Self Explanatory. }